do your best Lord protect them other
than that you know what I want there's
no use to be repeating myself mr. bell I
owe you money no sir I know your mama
thought you might be interested in
training me I don't train girls people
see me fat Sam pretty tough girlie tough
ain't enough
there's magical fighting battles beyond
endurance
it's magical risk and everything for a
dream that nobody sees but you the new
girl Jesus look in the bag boss I'm not
your boss and that bags work on you
[Music]
right your daughter every week
the girls recovering along almost like
somebody's been helping her seen you
looking at me yeah out of pity don't you
say that if it ain't true
I'm too old for this then I got nothing
if I take you on come on let's all work
so hard you don't question me and I'm
gonna try to forget the fact that you're
a girl
[Music]
now what is the rule
I check myself at all times good find a
man marry him people hear about what
you're doing a lie my life it's you I
got nobody but you Frankie
I never forgot me I made a lot of
mistakes in my life I'm just trying to
keep you from doing the same I know boss
didn't end up in a corner yes he get the
hell down oh I just want to keep her
with me
you just protected just off out what
championship frankly I've seen him amass
almost every day for 23 years
the only person comes to church that
much is the kind of can't forgive
himself for something
[Music]
you gotta fight I don't wanna
you gonna leave me
never
you